1. What is oops stands for?
   OOP stands for Object-Oriented Programming. Procedural programming is about writing
   procedures or methods that perform operations on the data, while object-oriented
   programming is about creating objects that contain both data and methods.

2. What is Polymorphism? Explain types?
   Polymorphism is a feature of OOPs that allows the object to behave differently in different conditions. 
   We have two types of polymorphism: 
   * Compile time Polymorphism – This is also known as static (or early) binding. 
   * Runtime Polymorphism – This is also known as dynamic (or late) binding.

3. What is interface and example in selenium,java?
   An Interface in Java programming language is defined as an abstract type used to specify the behaviour of a class. 
   A Java interface contains static constants and abstract methods. 
   A class can implement multiple interfaces. ... All methods in the interface are implicitly public and abstract.

4. What is abstract class and example?
   Abstract classes are essential to providing an abstraction to the code to make it reusable and extendable. 
   For example, a Vehicle parent class with Truck and Motorbike inheriting from it is an abstraction that easily 
   allows more vehicles to be added.

5. Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance?
   The key difference between Multiple and Multilevel Inheritance is that Multiple Inheritance is when a class  inherits from many base classes while Multilevel       Inheritance is when a class inherits from a derived class making that derived class a base class for a new class.

6. Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
   When one class extends more than one classes the it is called Multiple inheritance
   *Class C extends class A & b then this type of inheritance is known is Multiple inheritance.
   *Java doesn't allow multiple inheritance

7. What is keyword for using inheritance?
   To inherit from a class, use the extends keyword.
   i.g,
   * public class Student{
   //block of code
   }
   * public class College extends Student{
   //block of code with behaviour of Student class
   }

8. What is the keyword to connect interface and class?
   To access the interface methods, the interface must be "implemented" (like inherited) by another class with the implements keyword (instead of extends). The body of    the interface method is provided by the "implement" class.

9. What is difference between class and interface?
   A class describes the attributes and behaviours of an object. An interface contains behaviours that a class implements. 
   A class may contain abstract methods, concrete methods. An interface contains only abstract methods.

10.What is difference between class and abstract class?
   Abstract class can have static fields and static method, like other classes. An abstract class cannot be declared as final. 
   Only abstract class can have abstract methods.









